what do you mean
means
I can't sit up
Economy class baby
Dissatisfied with business class
Just go and get a seat
I'm on the plane
Seen too much
You dress so well
He even said
I'm in business class
Who believes it?
Now
Get back here
Go in economy class
Hello
I said
your airline
flights
No votes are checked?
Even if I today
Dress a little casually
Neither can you
think i am
You just broke in?
Just search and check your tickets
Don’t you know?
Do you still dare to submit a ticket for inspection?
do you know
Once you arrive at the ticket check
this step
you little baby
will be subject to
Better than a lifetime grounding
more serious punishment
oh
Yeah
Then I'd like to know
M what punishment
Is this a punishment?
let me tell you
I am us
Chairman's
lover
I can call
Company-wide security
Group you
then throw you out
Dong
thing
lover
Are you so
Top it?
The state of nature
Lost your composure
I heard
Your company’s flight
business class stewardess
Available for guests
Provide a full range of services
I
want to enjoy it
your services
Just say it
Make a price
Or go back to economy class
Either
I'll ask someone to throw you out
What if I tell you
I can take the whole flight
I’ll wrap it up and give it to you.
Notify
put the whole
S38 flight is included
give to
big money lili